This retreat, this retreat, and they had a lot of record of the resume teaching, but if they didn't
put the practice, that won't help completely as we wanted it.
Yeah, but practice is simple. I mean, practice is so important, and practice is also simple.
Don't touch the best foundation. We call it the common or general practice, such as bodhisattva,
poor boneless thought, poor renunciation thought.
Those are what the many times we call those, those are basic. That is so important, basic is the
ground.
From there we have to develop. We know the best, basic things, really, it's hovering, it's hovering
in the sky, it's not settled.
And therefore, then most of we leave this world, a world with empty hands. There's nothing much to
gain.
And also we heard so many times, but we didn't have the confidence to practice it.
Therefore, we don't have much confidence when you leave this world.
So therefore, practice is so important, and with devotion, with joy, in appreciation, bodhisattva,
and then with this world, in three various stages, or three caste stages.
So those are kind of activated those, as this is part of our practice in the meditation.
And the target is now, we go to the zuki teaching.